# Automatic-room-managment
Project : Automatic management of INSA's rooms  Automation of the INSA's rooms management  You are requested to develop a Web application (Proof-of-Concept) for managing  INSA's rooms . This application must allow automatic closing windows, doors, turning on heating, turning off lights ... etc. This application relies on software services, sensors, and actuators. The goal is to retrieve data from sensors and analyze them to enable taking decisions.   Through software services (Restful Web services), the application retrieves data of sensors (temperature, presence, ...), and according to the values of the retrieved data, actions on actuators can be triggered. Your application must be based on a Restful architecture.  Hereafter examples of scenarios to implement. You can propose your own scenario :   An example of a scenario can be: the data of the temperature sensors of a given room are retrieved periodically. If the outside temperature is lower than the indoor temperature and the outside temperature is between 18 and 27°, the windows should be opened automatically.  Another example of a scenario is about closing doors, windows and lights if the current time is outside working hours and there is nobody. However, if there are presence activities from 22h, an alarm must be triggered. Asked work  :  - Design your application based on Rest architecture  - Implement the different services and services calls  - Implement a web interface for viewing the history of actions  - Language to use : Java.   - Framework to use : SpringBoot fo Rest services  - OM2M can be used for sensors and actuators based architecture.
